decal CometScorch
{
	pic COMTSCRC
	fullbright
	add 0.5
	animator GoAway
	x-scale .4
	y-scale .4
	lowerdecal Scorch
	randomflipx
	randomflipy
}

decal SkullScorch1 
{ 
   pic PLASMA1 
   shade "00 00 00" 
   x-scale 0.6 
   y-scale 0.6 
   randomflipx 
   randomflipy 
} 

decal SkullScorch2 
{ 
   pic PLASMA2 
   shade "00 00 00" 
   x-scale 0.6 
   y-scale 0.6 
   randomflipx 
   randomflipy 
} 

decalgroup SkullScorch 
{ 
   SkullScorch1   1 
   SkullScorch2   1 
} 

/*generator Arachnophyte		BulletChip
generator DarkSeeker		DoomImpScorch 
generator DarkNormal		DoomImpScorch 
generator DarkStrong		DoomImpScorch 
generator DarkFast		DoomImpScorch 
generator YellowSkullSeeker	CacoScorch 
generator RedSkullBall		SkullScorch 
generator MiniFirePuff		BaronScorch 
generator SnakeImpFireball	RevenantScorch 
generator CacolanternBall2	CacoScorch 
generator BelphegorBall2	BaronScorch 
generator HellGuardBall		SkullScorch 
generator HellWarriorBall	BaronScorch 
generator SoulHarvesterBall	SkullScorch 
generator AfritBall		RevenantScorch
generator Comet			CometScorch
generator HellsFuryBall		BaronScorch
generator ZombieMarine 		BulletChip
generator RapidFireTrooper 	BulletChip
generator ZombieRailgunner 	BulletChip
generator ZombieRailgunner70 	BulletChip
generator ZombieRailgunner50 	BulletChip
generator ZombieRailgunner30 	BulletChip*/
